# Dragons of Mugloar

The Kingdom of Mugloar has noticeably changed over the short time of just a few years—it was not long ago when the state officials introduced a skilled dragon trainer to the country’s payroll to train the scaly beasts to protect our lands against invading knights, hungry for royal hands in marriage—princess or miscellaneous. The dragon trainer was successful in fending off the knights and making dragons commonplace in the Mugloarian everyday.

So much so that many people discovered a dragon-shaped hole in their hearts and a corresponding amount of space in their barns and began describing themselves as „ freelance dragon trainers“. This was before the general public learned the fire hazards of keeping fire-breathing creatures in wooden buildings and the dangers of heartburn, soon after, fresh dragon trainers began investing in stone dragon dens and making the dragon strictly a matter of the brain, not heart.

There are a few things you will immediately find out as you start raising and training a dragon. The first likely being that the rumors about how loudly they snore are not even slightly exaggerated—if anything, you have been completely and utterly undersold on the nighttime volume of your new scaly pet. You will also slowly come to regret owning anything flammable as soon as your dragon catches the sniffles for the first time and really question the sanity the person behind naming Dungeons & Dragons. As it turns out, large winged creatures wish not to be affiliated with confined spaces, even if it is completely theoretical and solely for the purposes of alliteration in a game name.

Once more people will find out about your dragon—which they definitely will, thanks to the aforementioned snoring—you will start experiencing the less obvious side effects of dragon ownership. People of varying degrees of greed—really, anything on the scale from „I want my chicken back from a vengeful ex-spouse” to „I feel I deserve most of my neighbor’s land and a rather generous amount of his poultry”—will take to sending you notes of varying degrees of literacy. Really, anything from a scale of „chkn stoln, pls bak” to „Would you kindly vacate my dearest neighbor from his ill-gotten premises, those of which obviously are erected on my ancestral lands!”.

As owning a dragon is a rather expensive hobby if you’re not funded by generous amounts of taxpayer money, the dragon trainers sought financial stability (or more) through completing tasks of varying complexity for fellow Muglorians with the assistance of their dragon.

They would get the assignments, complete with promises of glory and riches, delivered on bits of paper, leaves, leather or sometimes even a crudely carved potato skin. As you pass the messages on to the dragon owners, a creative business idea emerges.

You could provide a service for these people in need! Instead of flipping over every leaf on their front lawn to see if they are desperate support requests from the dragonless or just nature doing its thing for the winter, the dragon trainers could just come to you and purchase a right to view all the messages. For a small fee, of course. Instead of leaving their cries of help with untrustworthy travelers or carrier birds of varying intelligence, people seeking the help of a freelance dragon trainer, could just purchase the right to leave their message with you—a person of established trustworthiness and a static intelligence of the „quite noticeably above average“ level. For a small fee, of course.

Of course, perhaps the concept of receiving these notes would not be unexpected or even undesired for a dragon trainer. The promise and delivery of rewards—again, extremely varying degree—for your services could just be enough to cover the homeowner’s insurance now with the added fire hazard of a rather sizable fire-breathing lizard creature. And then some.

It is up to you, really, what to do with these notes. You could, of course, just ignore them, you are no one’s errand boy (or girl)! You are a proud owner and trainer of a dragon! Or you could see some of them through, who knows, perhaps you could get yourself an errand boy (or girl!) You are a proud owner and trainer of a dragon!
